ref(relay): Add tables to relay config (#7084)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/relay/options.mdx

| relay.mode                 | String  | default value: `managed` possible values: `managed, static, proxy, capture` optional: `false` | Controls how Relay obtains the project configuration for events. For detailed explanation of these modes, see [Relay Modes](/product/relay/modes/).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| relay.upstream             | String  | default value: `https://sentry.io` optional: `false`                                          | Fully qualified URL of the upstream Relay or Sentry instance. <Alert level="warning" title="Important"> Relay does not check for cycles. Do not set this option to an endpoint that will cause events to be cycled back here. </Alert>                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | relay.host                 | String  | default value: `0.0.0.0  in Docker, otherwise  127.0.0.1` optional: `false`                   | The host to which Relay should bind (network interface). Example: `0.0.0.0`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| relay.host                 | String  | default value: `0.0.0.0  in Docker, otherwise  127.0.0.1` optional: `false`                   | The host to which Relay should bind (network interface). Example: `0.0.0.0`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
Do we need to add an example since the default value seems to be the same thing?

Author: Good point, removed it. I simply copied/pasted the previous info there

> | relay.port                 | Integer | default value: `3000` optional: `false`                                                       | The port to bind for the unencrypted Relay HTTP server. Example: `3000`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| relay.port                 | Integer | default value: `3000` optional: `false`                                                       | The port to bind for the unencrypted Relay HTTP server. Example: `3000`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
Same comments as above. Do we need to add the example since it's the same as the default value?

| metrics.sample_rate  | Float                     | default: `1.0`          | Global sample rate for all emitted metrics. Should be between 0.0 and 1.0. If outside that range, the value will be normalized (negative values would become 0.0, positive larger than 1.0 become 1.0). For instance, the value of 0.3 means that only 30% of the emitted metrics will be sent. Note that the implemented sampling approach is not aware of metrics types, and, for example, does not rescale counter values when the sample rate is less than 1.0. |

## Internal Error Reporting

Configures error reporting for errors happening within Relay. Disabled by
default.

| key            | type    | value            | description                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|----------------|---------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | sentry.enabled | Boolean | default: `false` | Whether to report internal errors to a separate DSN. `false` means no internal errors are sent, but still logged.                                                                                                     |
> | sentry.dsn     | String  | optional: `true` | Sentry DSN to which to report internal Relay failures.  We recommend setting this to a value that will not send Relay errors to itself. Ideally, this value should send errors to Sentry directly, not another Relay. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sentry.enabled | Boolean | default: `false` | Determines whether to report internal errors to a separate DSN. `false` means that no internal errors will be sent, but will still be logged.                                                                                                     |
| sentry.dsn     | String  | optional: `true` | Sentry DSN to which you can report internal Relay failures.  We recommend setting this to a value that sends Relay errors directly to Sentry instead of sending them to itself first. |
```
